personally, I've never dealt with a formal right up for a suicide attempt.
But I would imagine that if anything happens physically thing,
we should, uh, write it up. So, for instance, if the person hurts themselves
if they heard another person, um, if they're very, very violent,
if they say, um yeah, particularly terrible things, For instance,
um, you know I want to hurt myself. Uh, then you at least want to
document it so that where that you or whether somebody that comes
after you, who's who's not familiar with the situation, there's at least
a track s so that we can either look at the past history and make
a determination on what we should do with the person or someone who's
not. You can actually look at the past and have a good idea about
what they should do with that person.